B. Problem Demonstration  
To explore the drawbacks of three typical congestion signals used by existing load balancing schemes in lossless DCNs, we first conduct NS-3 simulations in a common Clos topology as shown in Fig. 1. The link capacity is 40Gbps, and the switch buffer size is 9MB with PFC enabled. We adopt DCQCN [11] as the underlying transport protocol and set parameters to the default values recommended in [11]. Traffic pattern: As shown in Fig. 1, there are two equal-cost paths between leaf switches L1 and L3, i.e., P ath1 {P 1/L1, C1, L3} and P ath2 {P 2/L1, C2, L3}. The innocent flow f1 (in blue) that is not responsible for congestion is sent from the sender S1 to the receiver R1. The bursty congested flows (in yellow) that really cause congestion are sent intermittently from the sender S2 to the receiver R2. Meanwhile, 14 hosts under L3 also send bursty flows at line rate to the same receiver R2. The background flows (in gray) are transmitting on P ath1 from the source hosts under L1 to the destination hosts under L3, which makes the existing load balancing treat P ath1 worse than P ath2.
(1) Link load cannot reflect PFC pausing correctly: 
The congestion-sensitive load balancing schemes such as CONGA [21] and HULA [22] detect path conditions by measuring link load. They fare poorly in lossless DCNs, because the path experiencing PFC pausing is actually under-utilized, a path with lower link load is not necessarily a better choice. So link load cannot indicate path congestion correctly and even mislead rerouting.  To quantify this impairment, we conduct simulations with CONGA. The victim flow f1 is 20MB and bursty flow is 200KB. At time 1ms, 42 bursty flows from S2 and 588 bursty flows under L3 are sent to R2. In Fig. 2a and Fig. 2b, 5 bursty congestion occurred intermittently on P ath2, and PFC is triggered on the ingress port P 5/L3 and spread to P 3/C2. Fig. 2c shows that the link utilization of P ath2 is less than that of P ath1 with real congestion. In Fig. 2d, CONGA always allocates the packets of f1 to P ath2 with the lower measured link utilization, resulting in HoL blocking. The ideal solution knows in advance that PFC will triggered multiple times on P ath2 and does not choose P ath2, achieving the lowest FCT.